api-reference-alpha/note-templates/delete.mdx, before:

---
title: "Delete Note Template"
api: "DELETE /alpha/note-templates/{id}"
description: "Delete a note template generation job by its unique identifier."
---

## Overview

Permanently delete a note template generation job and all associated data. This action cannot be undone.

<Warning>
  **This action is irreversible**. Once a template generation job is deleted, it cannot be recovered. Make sure you have saved any important results before deletion.
</Warning>

## Path Parameters

<ParamField path="id" type="string" required>
  The unique identifier of the note template generation job to delete
</ParamField>

## Response

This endpoint returns no content on successful deletion.

<RequestExample>

```bash cURL
curl -X DELETE "https://api.sully.ai/alpha/note-templates/template_abc123def456" \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer YOUR_API_KEY"
```

```javascript JavaScript
const response = await fetch('https://api.sully.ai/alpha/note-templates/template_abc123def456', {
  method: 'DELETE',
  headers: {
    'Authorization': 'Bearer YOUR_API_KEY'
  }
});

if (response.ok) {
  console.log('Note template job deleted successfully');
} else {
  console.error('Failed to delete note template job');
}
```

```python Python
import requests

url = "https://api.sully.ai/alpha/note-templates/template_abc123def456"
headers = {
    "Authorization": "Bearer YOUR_API_KEY"
}

response = requests.delete(url, headers=headers)

if response.status_code == 204:
    print("Note template job deleted successfully")
else:
    print(f"Failed to delete note template job: {response.status_code}")
```

</RequestExample>

<ResponseExample>

```json 204 No Content
// No response body - successful deletion
```

</ResponseExample>

## Status Codes

<ResponseField name="204" type="No Content">
  Note template generation job deleted successfully
</ResponseField>

<ResponseField name="401" type="Unauthorized">
  Invalid or missing API key
</ResponseField>

<ResponseField name="404" type="Not Found">
  Note template generation job with the specified ID was not found or was already deleted
</ResponseField>

<ResponseField name="500" type="Internal Server Error">
  Server error occurred while deleting the job
</ResponseField>

## Use Cases

### Cleanup Completed Jobs

Delete old template generation jobs that are no longer needed:

```javascript
async function cleanupOldTemplateJobs() {
  // Assuming you have a way to list jobs (not implemented in current API)
  // This is a conceptual example
  
  const oldJobIds = [
    'template_old123',
    'template_old456',
    'template_old789'
  ];

  for (const jobId of oldJobIds) {
    try {
      await fetch(`https://api.sully.ai/alpha/note-templates/${jobId}`, {
        method: 'DELETE',
        headers: { 'Authorization': 'Bearer YOUR_API_KEY' }
      });
      console.log(`Deleted job: ${jobId}`);
    } catch (error) {
      console.error(`Failed to delete job ${jobId}:`, error);
    }
  }
}
```

### Cancel Processing Jobs

Remove jobs that are no longer needed while they're still processing:

```javascript
async function cancelTemplateJob(jobId) {
  try {
    // First check if the job is still processing
    const statusResponse = await fetch(`https://api.sully.ai/alpha/note-templates/${jobId}`, {
      headers: { 'Authorization': 'Bearer YOUR_API_KEY' }
    });
    
    const statusData = await statusResponse.json();
    
    if (statusData.data.status === 'processing' || statusData.data.status === 'pending') {
      const deleteResponse = await fetch(`https://api.sully.ai/alpha/note-templates/${jobId}`, {
        method: 'DELETE',
        headers: { 'Authorization': 'Bearer YOUR_API_KEY' }
      });
      
      if (deleteResponse.ok) {
        console.log('Template generation job cancelled successfully');
      } else {
        console.error('Failed to cancel job');
      }
    } else {
      console.log(`Job is ${statusData.data.status}, cannot cancel`);
    }
  } catch (error) {
    console.error('Error cancelling job:', error);
  }
}
```

### Batch Deletion

Delete multiple template jobs at once:

```javascript
async function deleteMultipleJobs(jobIds) {
  const deletePromises = jobIds.map(jobId =>
    fetch(`https://api.sully.ai/alpha/note-templates/${jobId}`, {
      method: 'DELETE',
      headers: { 'Authorization': 'Bearer YOUR_API_KEY' }
    })
  );

  try {
    const results = await Promise.allSettled(deletePromises);
    
    results.forEach((result, index) => {
      if (result.status === 'fulfilled' && result.value.ok) {
        console.log(`Successfully deleted job: ${jobIds[index]}`);
      } else {
        console.error(`Failed to delete job: ${jobIds[index]}`);
      }
    });
  } catch (error) {
    console.error('Error in batch deletion:', error);
  }
}

// Usage
const jobsToDelete = [
  'template_abc123',
  'template_def456',
  'template_ghi789'
];

deleteMultipleJobs(jobsToDelete);
```

## Important Notes

1. **Irreversible Action**: Deleted template generation jobs cannot be recovered
2. **Results Loss**: Any generated templates and analysis insights will be permanently lost
3. **Processing Jobs**: You can delete jobs even while they're processing
4. **Billing**: You may still be charged for processing time even if you delete the job before completion
5. **No Cascading**: Deleting a job does not affect any templates you may have already exported or saved elsewhere

## Data Privacy

When you delete a note template generation job:
- All uploaded provider notes are permanently removed
- Generated templates and insights are deleted
- Analysis data and intermediate processing results are purged
- No trace of the job remains in our systems

## Best Practices

### Before Deletion
- **Save Results**: Export any templates or insights you want to keep
- **Verify Job ID**: Double-check the job ID to avoid accidental deletion
- **Consider Timing**: For processing jobs, consider waiting for completion if results might be useful

### Cleanup Strategy
- **Regular Cleanup**: Periodically delete old, completed jobs to manage storage
- **Failed Jobs**: Promptly delete failed jobs unless you need to review error details
- **Test Jobs**: Clean up test or experimental jobs after reviewing results

## Related Endpoints

- [Create Note Template](/api-reference-alpha/note-templates/create) - Create a new template generation job
- [Get Note Template](/api-reference-alpha/note-templates/get) - Retrieve a template generation job

Commit message:

Note template refinement api (#11)
* update template endpoints

* update template endpoints

api-reference-alpha/note-templates/delete.mdx, after:

---
title: "Delete Note Template Job"
api: "DELETE /alpha/note-templates/{id}"
description: "Delete a note template job (generation or refinement) by its unique identifier."
---

## Overview

Permanently delete a note template job and all associated data. This action cannot be undone and works for both generation and refinement jobs.

<Warning>
  **This action is irreversible**. Once a template job is deleted, it cannot be recovered. Make sure you have saved any important results before deletion.
</Warning>

## Path Parameters

<ParamField path="id" type="string" required>
  The unique identifier of the note template job to delete
</ParamField>

## Response

This endpoint returns no content on successful deletion.

<RequestExample>

```bash cURL
curl -X DELETE "https://api.sully.ai/alpha/note-templates/template_abc123def456" \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer YOUR_API_KEY"
```

```javascript JavaScript
const response = await fetch('https://api.sully.ai/alpha/note-templates/template_abc123def456', {
  method: 'DELETE',
  headers: {
    'Authorization': 'Bearer YOUR_API_KEY'
  }
});

if (response.ok) {
  console.log('Note template job deleted successfully');
} else {
  console.error('Failed to delete note template job');
}
```

```python Python
import requests

url = "https://api.sully.ai/alpha/note-templates/template_abc123def456"
headers = {
    "Authorization": "Bearer YOUR_API_KEY"
}

response = requests.delete(url, headers=headers)

if response.status_code == 204:
    print("Note template job deleted successfully")
else:
    print(f"Failed to delete note template job: {response.status_code}")
```

</RequestExample>

<ResponseExample>

```json 204 No Content
// No response body - successful deletion
```

</ResponseExample>

## Status Codes

<ResponseField name="204" type="No Content">
  Note template job deleted successfully
</ResponseField>

<ResponseField name="401" type="Unauthorized">
  Invalid or missing API key
</ResponseField>

<ResponseField name="404" type="Not Found">
  Note template job with the specified ID was not found or was already deleted
</ResponseField>

<ResponseField name="500" type="Internal Server Error">
  Server error occurred while deleting the job
</ResponseField>

## Use Cases

### Cleanup Completed Jobs

Delete old template jobs that are no longer needed:

```javascript
async function cleanupOldTemplateJobs() {
  // Assuming you have a way to list jobs (not implemented in current API)
  // This is a conceptual example
  
  const oldJobIds = [
    'template_old123',
    'template_old456',
    'template_old789'
  ];

  for (const jobId of oldJobIds) {
    try {
      await fetch(`https://api.sully.ai/alpha/note-templates/${jobId}`, {
        method: 'DELETE',
        headers: { 'Authorization': 'Bearer YOUR_API_KEY' }
      });
      console.log(`Deleted job: ${jobId}`);
    } catch (error) {
      console.error(`Failed to delete job ${jobId}:`, error);
    }
  }
}
```

### Cancel Processing Jobs

Remove jobs that are no longer needed while they're still processing (works for both generation and refinement jobs):

```javascript
async function cancelTemplateJob(jobId) {
  try {
    // First check if the job is still processing
    const statusResponse = await fetch(`https://api.sully.ai/alpha/note-templates/${jobId}`, {
      headers: { 'Authorization': 'Bearer YOUR_API_KEY' }
    });
    
    const statusData = await statusResponse.json();
    
    if (statusData.data.status === 'processing' || statusData.data.status === 'pending') {
      const deleteResponse = await fetch(`https://api.sully.ai/alpha/note-templates/${jobId}`, {
        method: 'DELETE',
        headers: { 'Authorization': 'Bearer YOUR_API_KEY' }
      });
      
      if (deleteResponse.ok) {
        console.log('Template job cancelled successfully');
      } else {
        console.error('Failed to cancel job');
      }
    } else {
      console.log(`Job is ${statusData.data.status}, cannot cancel`);
    }
  } catch (error) {
    console.error('Error cancelling job:', error);
  }
}
```

### Batch Deletion

Delete multiple template jobs at once:

```javascript
async function deleteMultipleJobs(jobIds) {
  const deletePromises = jobIds.map(jobId =>
    fetch(`https://api.sully.ai/alpha/note-templates/${jobId}`, {
      method: 'DELETE',
      headers: { 'Authorization': 'Bearer YOUR_API_KEY' }
    })
  );

  try {
    const results = await Promise.allSettled(deletePromises);
    
    results.forEach((result, index) => {
      if (result.status === 'fulfilled' && result.value.ok) {
        console.log(`Successfully deleted job: ${jobIds[index]}`);
      } else {
        console.error(`Failed to delete job: ${jobIds[index]}`);
      }
    });
  } catch (error) {
    console.error('Error in batch deletion:', error);
  }
}

// Usage
const jobsToDelete = [
  'template_abc123',
  'template_def456',
  'template_ghi789'
];

deleteMultipleJobs(jobsToDelete);
```

## Important Notes

1. **Irreversible Action**: Deleted template jobs cannot be recovered
2. **Results Loss**: Any generated/refined templates and analysis insights will be permanently lost
3. **Processing Jobs**: You can delete jobs even while they're processing (both generation and refinement)
4. **Billing**: You may still be charged for processing time even if you delete the job before completion
5. **No Cascading**: Deleting a job does not affect any templates you may have already exported or saved elsewhere

## Data Privacy

When you delete a note template job:
- **Generation Jobs**: All uploaded provider notes, generated templates, and insights are permanently removed
- **Refinement Jobs**: Original templates, refined templates, and refinement analysis are permanently removed
- All analysis data and intermediate processing results are purged
- No trace of the job remains in our systems

## Best Practices

### Before Deletion
- **Save Results**: Export any templates or insights you want to keep
- **Verify Job ID**: Double-check the job ID to avoid accidental deletion
- **Consider Timing**: For processing jobs, consider waiting for completion if results might be useful

### Cleanup Strategy
- **Regular Cleanup**: Periodically delete old, completed jobs to manage storage
- **Failed Jobs**: Promptly delete failed jobs unless you need to review error details
- **Test Jobs**: Clean up test or experimental jobs after reviewing results

## Related Endpoints

- [Create Note Template](/api-reference-alpha/note-templates/create) - Create a new template job
- [Get Note Template](/api-reference-alpha/note-templates/get) - Retrieve a template job
